Good morning, family! Praise the Lord.
62? I warped
ahead
one. Well, thank you for joining us, y'all;
we're excited you're here. We have some
things on our heart to tell you. You know,
Billye
Brim gave a prophetic word
on the 11th of December.
She had this word,
but I want to go back.
Kim Clement gave another
word back in 2015,
and he said that we would have
a
strange July,
hypnotic November,
and then, 'Oh, what a
Christmas!'I
believe we had
that strange July
with President
Trump being almost assassinated. Then we
had the hypnotic November, which was
very strange—the way
everything went was really wild.
Now we have this opportunity for an 'Oh,
what a
Christmas!'I
thought it might be
finances because of some of
the things I've
seen, but then Sister Billye has this word.
Tell them what
the Lord showed
her.
This was the December 11th, 2024, prophetic
word through Billye Brim regarding
Christmas. 'December 25th, Christmas: It
shall begin on that date that the gifts
that I have given to you—the ministry
gifts, the nine Holy Spirit gifts
too—will
begin to operate on a greater level
and degree of glory. Pastors can look for
the ministry gifts: the Holy Spirit gifts
of the word of wisdom and the word of
knowledge to begin to work, as well as
tongues and interpretation to a greater
degree. All of the ministry
gifts—the
five-fold ministry gifts—if they will
yield to it, if they will yield to the
Holy Spirit, if they yield to me and not
insist on finishing their own plan and
purpose for that day, then they shall
give forth what the Spirit of the Lord
says.
And so it shall begin on
the day you honor me, giving gifts unto
men, showing that I am the greatest of
gifts of all. And so you watch it; you
just see these things will begin to
operate in the pulpits of the land to
every man or woman or even child who
will stand and yield to me. A date to
await and a date to
celebrate.'Hallelujah!
Praise God.
So the Lord showed her December
25th. All that
was amazing. Then you know about the
president and the timing.
Folks, I
have such an anticipation for what God
is about to do all
around the world. It's
like we're on a rocket that's
getting ready to take off.
Everything has come for such a time as
this. I can feel
it with the finances.
If you have any kind
of discernment or
spiritual anything at all, you can feel
the signs of the times, like the
anticipation in the heavenlies for the
breakthrough for the body. It's like
I tried to tell somebody
yesterday: we're nine months
pregnant.
Brandon, I'm
so ready for this baby to come!
That
is
all a woman thinks about when
she's nine
months pregnant; they
are
anticipating the birthing.
It's on your mind 24/7
because
you're miserable, the baby's kicking,
and
it's hard to sleep.
I'm not trying to explain that to any
female who has been through
it.
Just the
anticipation of the
baby—as
a father,
I am
anticipating the baby's arrival too,
and
being excited about a new child
coming into my home that
God is
fixing to bless us with.
Going back to how it feels
in the spirit realm, I feel like
we're on the verge of something
huge. That's why I told you
all that
BlackRock and
these
companies would try to derail
Trump's
agenda with
the crypto and Elon Musk. There is a hidden
plan behind closed
doors. We are praying against moles in the White
House trying to
sabotage the plans of the Lord so that
we are not set back by the demonic
agenda. They want to derail God's
agenda, but we know that we have the
upper hand; greater is He who
is in us than he who is in the world. I know
for a fact that if we stand in the gap,
we're going to rise above
this demonic influence.
The enemy is not wanting to go
silently with this new administration
coming
in. The enemy's trying to
raise his head up just
to
poke you a little
bit more. You've seen that with Jerome
Powell
this
week talking about the finances and
wanting to do just like I told you all: it's going
to be about
the interest rates,
banks
loaning for car and house loans,
credit card notes, church
mortgages, and the major debt crisis.
Trump is trying to turn it around with
crypto, gold, and silver.
Then the Lord showed Kim
Clement a great shaking of the soil and
a new energy springing forth out of our
ground—something
we don't have right now, a
supernatural
intervention
for the United States and for the
Christians and the American people.
God has a secret plan, and
I believe we're
about to see it. What
the devil meant for bad, God's going to
turn around for good. We're going
to have the victory,
and
the remnant will walk in a
financial
blessing that is so over the top that
the world's going to stand by.
I'm talking
decamillionaires.
There will be people who
had just a little bit of
wealth start walking in
decamillionaires—that
means multiples of over
ten.
That is a
supernatural abundance of wealth coming
to people. The Lord said it would happen
in a 24-hour period. The Lord warned me:
'Brandon, this wealth
transfer—you'll
go to bed one night and you'll
wake up the next day and it will already have started
to begin.'Within
24 hours, you're
going to see this thing skyrocket like a
rocket taking off. I
believe we are on the edge of the
waterfall; you see
Niagara Falls? We're
right there. Something major is about to
happen. The manifestations
and
demonstrations
of the glory is what
Sister Billye is talking about. Just like
when I was in
Heaven on the edge of
Heaven and I saw the tsunami wave.
There was this
massive Holy Ghost water outpouring
at a breaking point. This was
back in 2014, and
there's no time, distance,
or
space
in the spirit realm.
The
breakpoint
of
that wave was right there, and behind that wave were angels on chariots of
fire with
packages—beautifully
wrapped
Christmas
presents
with
red, blue, and gold bows.
I asked Jesus,
'Lord, what is in
those boxes?'He
said,
'Those are
mantles
and giftings that the world has never
seen before. Behold, I'm going to do a
new thing in this last generation,
something beyond your wildest
expectation.'So
we have these
packages with big bows, and I've
wondered if they've been delivered.
Then Sister Billye has this word
about
an amazing
Christmas present.
I'm putting them
together with the 'Oh, what a
Christmas!'from
Kim
Clement.
Glory to God!
You should get excited about this. I've
got goosebumps on goosebumps right now
because
supernatural
demonstrations of the Holy Spirit like
we've never seen before are about to
happen.
I was saying, 'Lord, we need
another Billy Graham
to
preach
the gospel and
bring
in
the
harvest.'The
Lord said, 'Brandon, that's
for that generation. I'm going to do
something new with you
and
your
viewers. We don't need the
old mantles; we
need something
new.'I
remember
when I was driving by Oral Roberts
University and the Lord showed me a
great revival about to take place
there
with the kids
on
campus. I saw
deep stone
wells that were capped off. The Lord said they
had lids on them.
What happened to the
revival from the
1950s? Where did that Oral Roberts
stuff go with
the
healings and demonstrations with AA
Allen, Jack Coe, William Branham,
and Kenneth
Hagin? It
felt
like it went stagnant
because
you're not hearing about it,
but the Lord said He was
taking those old wells of revival and healing. I saw men drink from those wells and
take
revival
and
healing
to the lands.
The Lord said, 'Now, in this
generation, I'm saving the best
for last. Not only will
you
drink from that well, but you're going to
go to the
depths and
be saturated in
it for the great and mighty
works you will do in these last
days.'I
saw that wave
at its breaking point, and the Lord said it's
about to flood the Earth one last time.
One last revival will take place.
I saw lights upon the
Earth like grains of wheat. He
said those lights were
on
all the
continents.
America
was just full of
wheat. He told me, 'Brandon,
this is the harvest at
the last of the last. This is
a vast
harvest.'He
had
tears running down His
face. He said,
'Do you see Asia?'He
pointed out
veins that
looked
like gold going
through a rock. He said,
'Those are the underground churches in
Asia. My gospel
cost them
something.'Because
of the persecution
in
China, there's
a mighty
harvest going through Asia, North
Korea, South Korea, and Japan.
That major outpouring is
on our
heels.
For 2025,
the Lord told me, 'Brandon,
I'm giving you a reprieve for four years
for a mighty harvest.'It will be
at the end of a
Shemitah
cycle.
I believe the coming of the Lord
will be at the end and starting of a new
seven years.
Tribulation is seven years,
and
it will
be at the beginning of a Shemitah cycle.
We have an ending of a Shemitah cycle in
2028,
so I believe we have a window of
time for a major harvest of souls.
Yes, we will see
birthing pains and earthquakes,
but the glorious church
without spot or wrinkle will rise up.
I am a voice
crying in the wilderness
telling you that we're
at the end. There will be a
generation that does not taste
death, and we are that generation.
I
believe with all my heart that Jesus is
coming in our
lifetime.
He came to
me and said, 'I am the
Lord of the harvest. Will you help
me?'He
held out His hands with massive
holes—you
could see
through them to the other side
with glory shining through.
He said, 'I died for every single
one of them.
Will you help me bring in
the
harvest?'I
said, 'Yes, Lord,
as for me and my house, we will help
you.'He
was calling the people
in, walking amongst
the wheat, and the wheat was bowing
before Him. He said, 'I'm
sending the angel
armies.'The
angel armies were
falling just like that wave.
There were two per
person for the unsaved.
The
reserves are coming
to war on our behalf, but it's our
job to pray and intercede.
Just like Abraham interceded for Sodom
and Gomorrah,
you have to pray for your
loved ones.
Believe by faith that
they
will
have a saving knowledge of the Lord
Jesus
Christ. We're running out of time.
We will see signs and wonders. Do you
believe that
signs and
wonders will follow them that believe?
That we will raise the dead? The Lord
put
emphasis on raising the dead—it
will
be an
everyday thing.
It won't just be something you
heard
Smith
Wigglesworth
did
100 years ago.
We're going to hear and see signs and
wonders like Azusa Street, and it's going
to be over the top.
Braden
is
excited, my little girl
excited, and Megan is anticipating.
Anticipation brings the manifestation of
what we've been believing for. You have
to anticipate that God is going to move
on
our behalf.
It's
time for us to walk in abundance
and
overflow.
I
wanted to
encourage you today to believe God for
the supernatural.
On Christmas, you're going
to get your Christmas
package. We're not going to accept
any
'devil
poo-poo'packages;
we're having a
turnaround.
We will call down fire like
Elijah, see the dead raised,
lay hands on the blind,
and
cast out
devils.
Our
shadow is going to touch the sick in
hospitals.
Do not be depressed
or
have anxiety.
Lift up your head, for our redemption is
drawing
nigh.
All things are possible
to him who
believes.
We
are living on the victory side.
Father,
we
thank
you
for your
supernatural
hand on this
YouTube channel. We're believing for
a million-prayer army.
We lay
hands on the sick and
call
those things that be not as though they
were. We agree
that you are healed and whole.
Satan's yoke of bondage is broken off
your neck today. You
are no longer bound by
demonic oppression or
strongholds.
The
fire
of the Holy Ghost
delivers you from the
top of your head to the souls of your
feet.
You are set free by the blood of the
Lamb.
We
command
depression
to go now in Jesus'name. You
have the mind of Christ.
God has not given you
a spirit of fear, but of power,
love, and a sound mind.
You
will sleep
soundly,
uninterrupted by any
demonic force.
We
take authority over your epinephrine,
cortisol levels, and
estrogen—your
hormones.
Be healed and whole.
You
will
have good
REM
cycle sleep and good
dreams—no
night
terrors.
Your
marriages are strong.
This will be the best Christmas
season you've ever had.
2025 will be a year of
great overflow.
Everything you put your hands to will
prosper. There will be
a
supernatural acceleration of
seed-time
and harvest. We believe
the seeds you sowed in '24
will reap a hundredfold return
in 2025. Lord, I thank you
that
you've not forgotten the
seeds
our ancestors sowed. I don't believe in generational curses; I believe for the harvest of their seeds that they
didn't reap.
We call those seeds in.
Seeds don't die
unless you ask for a crop
failure.
We pray
for Donald Trump to have divine
protection and for his son, Don Jr., to
be protected.
We pray for Elon
Musk
to get born again. We call every
one of your family members born again.
Be a light in the darkness this
Christmas season. Let
people
see Jesus in you even
if they are
drinking
or
boozing.
You don't have to
hit them over the head
with the Bible; just
show the love of God.
I'm
excited about what's fixing to happen
in
just a couple of days.
If you could, like our video and subscribe. Every
time you
click
that
notification bell
or
comment, you are
helping us with the YouTube algorithms.
We are venturing
out
to help the Korean channel.
We've started
channels
in
China,
the
Philippines,
Korea, and
Russia.
That's five channels.
We'll put the links in the
description.
More growth in
2025! The Lord told me to
be
on every available voice throughout the
world.
Time is running out.
We're
working as hard as we can to
get this gospel spread.
We
anticipate
Jesus
saying,
'Well done, thou good and
faithful
servant.'Put
a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves
you, and we love you. God bless
you all, and have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.